Concurrent scan init sample (#19177)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/scanning_while_connecting/README.rst

This reduces the total connection setup time even more, because connection establishment is not relying on the on-air presence of only one of the cached devices.

.. msc::
    hscale = "1.3";
    App, Stack, Peers;
    App=>Stack [label="scan_start()"];
    Peers=>Stack [label="ADV_IND(A)"];
    Stack=>App [label="scan_recv(A)"];
    App=>Stack [label="bt_conn_le_create(A)"];
    Peers=>Stack [label="ADV_IND(B)"];
    Peers=>Stack [label="ADV_IND(C)"];
    Peers=>Stack [label="ADV_IND(D)"];
    App rbox App [label="Cache addresses B, C, D"];
    Peers=>Stack [label="ADV_IND(A)"];
    Stack=>Peers [label="CONNECT_IND(A)"];
    Stack=>App [label="connected_cb(A)"];
    App rbox App [label="Set filter accept list to\nB, C, D"];
    App=>Stack [label="bt_conn_le_create_auto()"];
    Stack rbox Stack [label="The stack will connect to the first present ADV_IND of\nthe peers B,C,D"];
    Peers=>Stack [label="ADV_IND(C)"];
    Stack=>Peers [label="CONNECT_IND(C)"];
    Stack=>App [label="connected_cb(C)"];

.. note::
   This sample application assumes it will never have to cache more devices than the maximum number of addresses that can be stored in the filter accept list.

>    For applications that cannot adhere to this simplification, the function :cfunc:`cache_peer_address` can be changed to not store more than defined by the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_FAL_SIZE` Kconfig option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For applications that cannot adhere to this simplification, the function :c:func:`cache_peer_address` can be changed to not store more than defined by the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_FAL_SIZE` Kconfig option.
```
the missing colon also gave a warning.

Author: Addressed these.

Author: Please let me know if something in the changelog entry I added should be changed.
